sadly supportive of um this is the
videos where that was gonna bring this
is our girlfriends very first baby G
alright as you can see it's in bad shape
it's been three years and so we figured
new types of fun with it we're gonna run
it over we're going to see how exactly
do shockers work and you can see why in
the shock resistant and what the main
concept of the T seconds now once you
wanna wear and if I can show you or
morning LeBron tough be slots I got the
Maharishi changed into my polo tee and
Hunnish that'll look good for the summer
all right so let's go run this bad boy
over and you have to be my girlfriend
alright let's go oh me oh we're gonna
have fun with this one
oh I've never actually seen a tee shot
grand over so okay wait wait wait wait
let's zoom in on onion new watch this is
her it's not moving this is her latest
piece as she takes great care of Jessie
beats right okay in the corner oh please
don't run my finger over
hold on
sets in then run it over don't move yet
all the way five you can wait huh hold
on
hi alright yeah Jeff
justjust just toss a stop Oh No
alright go ahead it's close enough I can
see all right stop you're good let's go
see what we got here this still good can
we do it again soon yeah still works
light still works no crack on the screen
you don't run it over again here we go
well we probably get really high again
now your forward it's in front wheel hi
guys run it over I mean it moves but if
you really go backwards good
yeah thanks oh yeah alright let's see
what we got left all right
you definitely just ran it over on two
different angles and the watts is still
fine that's pretty awesome
okay you can wait quite lovely of you
alright so as you guys just saw not only
did you see a beautiful girlfriend but
just over this g2 different angles do
different honest and still works no
crack on the screen it still works
VIN still has a support shape yeah shock
resistant g-shock that's how they work
so I say run GCF and you say sorry
love ya now